beautiful light comes through here very
special place
lots of miraculous things happen here
I was an artist from the time I was
really young I was always very attracted
to abstract work there's something about
it it's like there's a purity to me of
course I'm a painter and a sculptor
mm-hm I used to do a lot of found
objects and I've done a little
performance I'm not sure what everybody
would agree but I I'm also a poet and a
writer when I found the ranch here I was
looking for a place to move my studio
where I had a lot more room and you know
I fell in love with it immediately of
course being an artist and having the
opportunity to shape the land is like
creating art it's hard to describe but
just a place that you know is meant for
people to come and meditate just get
into nature you know connect and
collaborate on ideas and projects I have
three dogs babes which is my oldest then
I have Emma and then I have PD one
little boy and two girl dog and they're
kind of the mascots around this place
pretty much yeah love with Bulldogs
there's real sweet
if I'm starting with an idea for
something I'm thinking of it and it kind
of comes forward and I until I can just
feel what it is it speaks to me
it's a feeling you know when you do
abstract work it's something that's a
feeling inside you and you can just tell
that it's right early on
I connected with some of the Yard House
founders and they liked what I was doing
and you know did the first restaurant
and at first it was pretty edgy for a
restaurant but then it kind of people
seemed to like it
I guess they connected with it and
that's how it happened and I've been
doing all of them ever since
I really like this see I don't
particularly like this area I love this
and sometimes I like that this all in
here you can't do it if you tried it you
know could never do it see when you do
abstract work you can't copy it it would
be like taking a bunch of sand and
throwing it on the ground with paint on
it you could never throw it on the
ground the same way you just can't do it
doesn't work that way so it's the
spontaneity and the surprise that just
it's fantastic
and sometimes some of the most
spontaneous pieces are just the best and
I'm sure musicians sometimes they write
something is just so unbelievably
powerful and you can try for 20 years
and there's one song that they've
written it is the whole essence of
everything that they are as an artist
it's a you know it's amazing really but
it's a real gift and I think everybody
has it for sure they do because they
don't believe it but they do
to me art is a connection to the deepest
part of us you know it taps into your
soul it's a link to who we are
it's a documentation of what happened in
the past coming to the present and I
think that uh I think art can change the
world I'm sure of that
because it's the only thing that really
has any value
I mean it's surely and I'm going to be
war it's not going to be governments and
it's not gonna be you know a bunch of
preaching it's basically you know man's
expression on a personal basis and
sharing it sure of that - you know music
poetry film these sorts of things deep
expression you know hey you guys
you